Our Civic Hacking Brigade is always open to inviting those with ideas on how to create ease in communication with citizens and government. This week, we were joined by a like-minded group, the Cortadito Computer Club (CCC). The name is a play off the Hombrew Computer Club which started in Silicon Valley. The CCC meets monthly to brainstorm and develop ways to get Cuba and its citizens more connected to information and the internet. This group formed shortly after a hackathon which took place in January at the LAB Miami with the same purpose.

Natalia from Roots of Hope, the organization which sponsored the original hackathon, and organizer of the CCC Jose gave us some insights on the complications on Cuba’s current issues with connectivity. “Cuba is the least connected country with the lowest internet penetration, including post-earthquake Haiti.”

The goal of the Cortadito Computer Club is to circumvent these communication issues using technology within the legal bounds of Cuba. Cuba has a very limited internet connection, where having a 56k connection can only be found a good day. Because of this, the CCC is brainstorming solutions that require little data usage such as text, email, and RSS. 

One of the winners of the January hackathon, Salvi Pascual, joined us to explain his idea. He created an email system in which people n Cuba can send an email with a subject line indicating the type of information they wish to receive, for example the subject line “weather.” They would then receive a response from a server that crawls web pages with the information requested, in this case a weekly weather report of Cuba. Salvi says this system is gaining attention and can use assistance in maintaining and developing the platform.

As a civically engaged audience, Code for Miami is a great ally in assisting the Cortadito Computer Club with ideas and projects to help them accomplish their mission. Through the use of mesh networks, text-based or offline communication, we can work together towards providing solutions for some of the tough issues being faced by Cuban citizens.

If this is a project that interests you, please feel free to reach out the Cortadito Computer Club through their Meetup page. And as always, Code for Miami will continue to bring interesting and dynamic means to engage the community and building applications for better communication. 